Use CPU/GPU extras with uv sources for torch installation (#604)
mllam/neural-lam: CHANGELOG.md

- Add comprehensive type hints to `neural_lam/create_graph.py` [\#618](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/618) @GiGiKoneti

> - Use CPU/GPU optional-dependency extras with `[tool.uv.sources]` to simplify torch installation in CI and for users [\#600](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/issues/600) @RajdeepKushwaha5

Reviewer: Please link the PR not the issue. Also, the CUDA default jumping from 11.1 to 12.8 should be called out explicitly in the changelog. It is essentially a breaking change for anyone on older drivers, so I think this PR deserves two separate entries.

```suggestion
- Use `cpu`/`gpu` extras with `[tool.uv.sources]` and a committed `uv.lock` to simplify and pin torch installation in CI and for users [\#604](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/604) @RajdeepKushwaha5

- Update default CUDA version in install instructions and CI from 11.1 to 12.8. Users on older CUDA versions need to install the matching `torch` variant manually (see README) [\#604](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/604) @RajdeepKushwaha5
```
